README.md, before:

# Image Annotation Project

This repository contains datasets and resources for various image annotation tasks, including object detection, segmentation, and instance recognition. The project involves annotating images for machine learning applications, particularly in the domain of vehicle and animal detection for now. I may add more technique in image annotation with more different types of datasets in near future.

## Folders and Files

### Folder Structure:
- **animal_detection_boundingbox_instance_segmentation_coco1.0/**: Contains video files (explaining the project) and images related to animal detection with bounding box annotations.
- **vehicle_detection_boundingbox_pascal_voc1.1/**: Includes video explanation of the project and images focused on vehicle detection with bounding box annotations.
- **vehicle_detection_polygon_segmentation_coco1.0/**: Contains vehicle detection data with polygon segmentation annotations with original images and video explanation of the project.

### Files:
- `.mp4` video files use for learning how project was done.
- `.json`, `.xml`, and other formats containing annotations for object detection and segmentation tasks.

## Installation

To use the dataset, clone the repository and access the contents directly:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/CodeWithJenis/image-annotation.git

Commit message:

Updated README with details for football semantic segmentation

README.md, after:

# Image Annotation Project

This repository contains datasets and resources for various image annotation tasks, including object detection, segmentation, and instance recognition. The project involves annotating images for machine learning applications, particularly in the domain of vehicle and animal detection for now. I may add more technique in image annotation with more different types of datasets in near future.

## Folders and Files

### Folder Structure:
- **animal_detection_boundingbox_instance_segmentation_coco1.0/**: Contains video files (explaining the project) and images related to animal detection with bounding box annotations.
- **vehicle_detection_boundingbox_pascal_voc1.1/**: Includes video explanation of the project and images focused on vehicle detection with bounding box annotations.
- **vehicle_detection_polygon_segmentation_coco1.0/**: Contains vehicle detection data with polygon segmentation annotations with original images and video explanation of the project.
- **football_semantic_segmentation_coco1.0/**: Includes semantic segmentation data for football images, consisting of original images, segmentation annotations (instances_default.json), and a video explanation of the project.

### Files:
- `.mp4` video files use for learning how project was done.
- `.json`, `.xml`, and other formats containing annotations for object detection and segmentation tasks.

## Installation

To use the dataset, clone the repository and access the contents directly:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/CodeWithJenis/image-annotation.git
